Update per-user config doc to use the new $config expression (#477)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/mcp-servers/secrets-and-config.md

## Per-user config

> Per-user config lets each end-user supply their own values when they connect to your MCP server. The values are passed as HTTP headers prefixed with `Config-`, never stored on Bump.sh, and resolved in workflows through `$config.<name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per-user config lets each end-user supply their own values when they interact with your MCP server. The values are passed as HTTP headers prefixed with `Config-`, never stored on Bump.sh, and resolved in workflows through `$config.<name>`.
```

The headers are used during workflow runtime, not at "connect" time. What do you think?

Author: Done, thanks
